Add README section detailing repo purpose and roles (#57)
openforcefield/smirnoff-plugins: README.md

For a more detailed example of how to use this force field to actually simulate a box of water, see the 
[`buckingham-water` example](examples/buckingham-water.py) in the `examples` directory.

## Purpose and contributing

This repository is intended to help nucleate scientific research in the force field community which the OpenFF consortium team doesn't have the resources to fully support, but where it can provide assistance to greatly reduce the barrier to others initiating new research.

There is no expectation that researchers using OpenFF infrastructure or standards will contribute to this repo.

> Researchers who want to publish SMIRNOFF plugins elsewhere should find it straightforward to replicate the structure of this repo, and the MIT license fully reuse of the code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Researchers who want to publish SMIRNOFF plugins elsewhere should find it straightforward to replicate the structure of this repo and the MIT license permits fully reuse of the code under its terms.
```

> Likewise, there is no expectation that contributing to this repo comes with any formal obligation to OpenFF.

Reviewer: This reads backwards to me - contributing code is the opposite of taking on a formal obligation, it's giving it up

> (We may adopt a formal [Contributor License Agreement](https://opensource.org/faq/#contributor-agreements) in the future to provide legal clarity, but we will seek the approval of former contributors if and when that happens.)

Reviewer: Prefer not publicly making non-commitments like this

Reviewer: I'm not against a CLA, I just don't see the positive impact of communicating future plans that are not in progress. With this line, contributors will presently sign nothing and in the future might be asked to sign a CLA. Without this line, the scenario is the same, just as it currently is elsewhere.

> The OpenFF consortium does not guarantee correct, accurate, or performant behavior of the plugins in this repository. 

Reviewer: Is this equivalent to the no-warranty clause in the license? We could just refer the reader there

Author: I want this to be another layer of it, not just about legal liability, but rather about setting contributor expectations. like "If there's a bug in the Toolkit/Interchange, you can expect the infrastructure team to take responsibility and make it right. But if there's a bug in smirnoff-plugins, it's not on OpenFF to make it right."

```suggestion
This is not a "core package" like the OpenFF Toolkit or Interchange, and so the OpenFF Consortium does not take responsibility for correct, accurate, or performant behavior of the plugins in this repository. While OpenFF will help where it can, the responsibility for these behaviors ultimately lies with the plugin author. 
```

Reviewer: It'd be useful to clarify this throughout the infrastructure; if I was an outsider I'd have a hard time figuring out which packages are "core" when they're all under the same namespace and have similar branding

Author: Agree that "core" package distinction is unclear now and a wider solution would be great. I think making the distinction here is a good start.

> Upon request by a contributor, the OpenFF infrastructure team is responsible for publishing releases of this repo, creating a conda package for each release, and performing technical maintenance to ensure that continuous integration tests continue running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenFF infrastructure team has the authority to create releases of this repo and perform technical maintenance to ensure that continuous integration passes and code quality is maintained to community standards.
```

Author: We shouldn't commit to ensuring that CI passes, since most failures will fall into a grey zone between "clearly technical problems" and "clearly scientific problems", and I don't want every break to be a negotiation over whose job it is to fix. 

Also, test failures caused by upstream changes may reflect changes in the behavior of a plugin, which may make it "more correct" (and mean that the previous results were "less correct", requiring some far-reaching resolution), or they may require other complex interpretation. I'd like us to stay as far away from that as possible.

The code quality stuff is fine in theory, but "ensure... code quality is maintained" doesn't say whose job it is. If we intend to do cleanups, I think those would best be handled as one-offs, instead of determining an enforcement mechanism. 

```suggestion
The OpenFF infrastructure team handles versioning and packaging of this repo, and will perform technical maintenance to ensure that continuous integration testing runs (but not necessarily that it passes).
```

However, the OpenFF consortium is not responsible for fixing plugins broken by upstream changes or for incorrect behavior due to bugs. 

All plugin PRs require one approving review from a previous contributor to merge. 
The reviewer pool consists of everyone who has authored a merged PR. 
The PR submitter is responsible for recruiting a reviewer. 

> To ensure that reviewers are readily available, we encourage contributors to plan to review slightly more PRs than they author.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that reviewers are readily available, we encourage contributors to plan to review one more PR than they author.
```
More concrete, possibly less daunting, and plenty sustainable if followed

Since this repo contains multiple independent plugins, a single repo-wide version would not be able to convey the state of each contained plugin. 

> Instead, the release tag syntax will correspond to the year and month of the release (for example `2023.08.1`.) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, this package will use [Calendar Versioning](https://calver.org/), specifically `YYYY.MM.MICRO` (for example `2023.08.1`.)
```

This should support the use of this repo in scholarly work, since there will be a particular calendar version that can be cited for reproducibility, and which will correspond to a single state of the plugin code. 
Since different plugins may require different versions of dependencies, the conda package for this repo will be minimally pinned and researchers should plan to communicate versions of major dependencies used when providing instructions on how to reproduce results. 
There is a possibility that bugfixes, API breaks, or behavior charges to upstream packages may cause plugins in this repo to become nonfunctional.

> The calendar versioning system is intended to help future users identify compatible dependency versions by date so that they can run these plugins again.

Reviewer: We could do without this, I don't think we need to justify the use of versioning

Author: ```suggestion
```
